Add cli option to print out documentation url for given cops (#10212)
rubocop/rubocop: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/configuration.adoc

----

The style guide URL is https://rails.rubystyle.guide#time.

== Setting the documentation URL

> You can specify the base URL of the documentation using `Documen tationBaseURL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the base URL of the documentation using `DocumentationBaseURL`.
```

Author: done 👍
